[test optimization] Add known limitation and workaround for vitest (#36345)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/troubleshooting/_index.md

When retrying a flaky test multiple times within a short span of time (less than a second), test run events might contain unexpected `@test.is_flaky`, `@test.is_known_flaky`, or `@test.is_new_flaky` tags. This is a known limitation that occurs due to a race condition in the flaky test detection system. In some cases, test run events might be processed out of order, causing the tags to not follow the logical order of events.

## Vitest test duration overhead is high

> High wall-clock time can show up when you have many small, fast suites. Vitest uses suite isolation by default (`isolate: true`), so ESM instrumentation startup repeats for every test file, and that fixed cost adds up across files.

Author: after applying the suggestions, we no longer recommend setting `isolate:false` in here, which is the fix

> For Vitest's documentation on the setting, see [`isolate`][17].

Author: how about this? 
```suggestion
To lower overhead, set `isolate: false` in your `vitest.config` file, or pass `--no-isolate` to the test command. For Vitest's documentation on the setting, see [`isolate`][17].
```

Author: @domalessi

> High wall-clock time can show up when you have many small, fast suites: Vitest uses suite isolation by default (`isolate: true`), so ESM instrumentation startup repeats for every test file and that fixed cost adds up across files. Read [Vitest's test duration overhead][18] in the JavaScript test setup guide for the full explanation.

Reviewer: Splitting up this long sentence for easier readability.

```suggestion
High wall-clock time can show up when you have many small, fast suites. Vitest uses suite isolation by default (`isolate: true`), so ESM instrumentation startup repeats for every test file, and that fixed cost adds up across files.
```

> To reduce overhead, pass `--no-isolate` to your test command or set `isolate: false` in your `vitest.config` file. For Vitest's reference on the setting, see the [`isolate` option][17].

Reviewer: "Vitest's reference on the setting" reads as roundabout — tighter phrasing here.

```suggestion
For Vitest's documentation on the setting, see [`isolate`][17].
```

> To lower overhead, set `isolate: false` in your `vitest.config` file, or pass `--no-isolate` to the test command.

Reviewer: Same as above: I believe `vitest.config` isn't a real filename — the actual file is `vitest.config.js`/`.ts`/`.mjs`. Suggest dropping the code styling and saying "your Vitest config file," or being explicit with an example like `vitest.config.ts`.

```suggestion
To lower overhead, set `isolate: false` in your Vitest config file, or pass `--no-isolate` to the test command.
```
